README.md, before:

# winter-breakpoint
what i've been up to over winter break (dec 2025 - jan 2026)

## note to self:
- make this into a real html file
- two column set up. "reattempted Valid Parentheses" in left column. details in right column. like cornell notes.

## what i've been doing
12/28/2025 - did CodingBat's Logic-1. squirrels smoking cigars is a funny image. ternary operators are really cool

12/27/2025 - focused on linked lists. attempted Merge Two Sorted Lists and Reverse Linked List. a key point of linked lists is that if you attach 1 node from a diff list, all the subsequent nodes of that list are also appended. for Reverse Linked List, think of this q as tacking nodes to front of list, rather than appending to end. reattempted Valid Parentheses. missed the edge case where there's extra closing brackets at the end after the stack is empty (being there's an error if you try to access stack[-1]). overall much better understanding. did CodingBat's Warmup-2 and Logic-1.

12/26/2025 - reattempted Valid Parentheses. needed quite a bit of help. learned about negative indexing, list operations (append, pop), and how to access elements of dictionaries ("for bracket in brackets" checks keys, for example). more on for-loops too. did CodingBat's Python Warmup-1 and Warmup-2 to practice basics.

12/25/2025 - merry christmas

12/24/2025 - solved Contains Duplicate. really beautiful one-line solution that harnesses properties of sets vs lists

12/23/2025 - solved Missing Number. no trouble.

12/22/2025 - reattempted Valid Palindrome again, did the double while loop, most eff sol.

12/21/2025 - resolved Two Sum. reattempted Valid Palindrome, learned more regex syntax.

Commit message:

Update README with recent learning progress
Added notes about completing the Big O section of a DSA course and joining a Udemy course.

README.md, after:

# winter-breakpoint
what i've been up to over winter break (dec 2025 - jan 2026)

## note to self:
- make this into a real html file
- two column set up. "reattempted Valid Parentheses" in left column. details in right column. like cornell notes.

## what i've been doing
12/28/2025 - did CodingBat's Logic-1. squirrels smoking cigars is a funny image. ternary operators are really cool

12/27/2025 - focused on linked lists. attempted Merge Two Sorted Lists and Reverse Linked List. a key point of linked lists is that if you attach 1 node from a diff list, all the subsequent nodes of that list are also appended. for Reverse Linked List, think of this q as tacking nodes to front of list, rather than appending to end. reattempted Valid Parentheses. missed the edge case where there's extra closing brackets at the end after the stack is empty (being there's an error if you try to access stack[-1]). overall much better understanding. did CodingBat's Warmup-2 and Logic-1.

12/26/2025 - reattempted Valid Parentheses. needed quite a bit of help. learned about negative indexing, list operations (append, pop), and how to access elements of dictionaries ("for bracket in brackets" checks keys, for example). more on for-loops too. did CodingBat's Python Warmup-1 and Warmup-2 to practice basics. finished Big O section through DSA course on Udemy, a good review.

12/25/2025 - merry christmas!! started Big O section through DSA Udemy course

12/24/2025 - solved Contains Duplicate. really beautiful one-line solution that harnesses properties of sets vs lists. joined DSA Udemy course.

12/23/2025 - solved Missing Number. no trouble.

12/22/2025 - reattempted Valid Palindrome again, did the double while loop, most eff sol.

12/21/2025 - resolved Two Sum. reattempted Valid Palindrome, learned more regex syntax.
